WILLIAM HENRY: In December 2020,
retired Israeli security chief
said there is a
Galactic Federation,
and they're staying hidden
right now because we're not
ready for them.
- The Galactic
Federation are concerned.
JOHNNY ENOCH: Paul
Hellyer told me
we had extraterrestrials
helping our scientists on Earth
at bases, and there
was full cooperation.
NARRATOR: The
Galactic Federation
is comprised of countless
species and civilizations.
-These are all
intelligences that
are influencing our
technology, our consciousness.
MATTHEW LACROIX:
There was a reptilian
that was part of this
war over our species.
NARRATOR: The
Galactic Federation
started as a defense treaty
from reptilian expansion
into our galaxy.
- The Galactic Federation
is trying to help us.
- They're out there,
and they are watching.
- There's not only one
Galactic Federation.
There are federations all over
the place in the universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]